W-18282485 Cursor suggestions for short descriptions (POC) (#397)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/teams-example.adoc

= Example Teams Structure

> Understand how to structure teams effectively using a practical example. See how a hypothetical organization, Acme, uses a main Engineering team with specialized Identity and DevOps sub-teams to manage permissions efficiently. This hierarchical approach helps delegate access based on specific roles and responsibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See how a hypothetical organization, Acme, uses a main Engineering team with specialized Identity and DevOps sub-teams to manage permissions and structure teams effectively in this practical example. This hierarchical approach helps delegate access based on specific roles and responsibilities.
```
